ravikiran.web3

medium

# LenderCommitmentForwarder.updateCommitmentBorrowers()

## Summary
The implementation of updateCommitmentBorrowers function could lead to corrupt storage. In the commitment, the structure is maintaining a list of borrowersList, which is essentially an **EnumerableSetUpgradeable.AddressSet** mapped to the commitment id.

The problem is in the delete call on commitmentBorrowersList. The delete call can cause the storage to be corrupted and become unusable.

**Refer to the below documentation from OpenZeppelin**, [refer line 31 to 31 in the link]

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/master/contracts/utils/structs/EnumerableSetUpgradeable.sol

## Vulnerability Detail
The way the list of borrowers for the commitment is done can corrupt the data.

## Impact
The list may become unreadable and conflict with the flow of the contract logic. The attempt to add element after deletion may fail.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L240-L246

function updateCommitmentBorrowers(
        uint256 _commitmentId,
        address[] calldata _borrowerAddressList
    ) public commitmentLender(_commitmentId) {
        **delete commitmentBorrowersList[_commitmentId];**
        _addBorrowersToCommitmentAllowlist(_commitmentId, _borrowerAddressList);
    }

## Tool used

Manual Review
Code review done manually.

## Recommendation
Remove each element one by one using the remove function provided by the library. Or create a fresh instance of the array of EnumerableSet.
