cducrest-brainbot

high

# Unsafe ERC20 transfers

## Summary

`CollateralManager` transfers ERC20 token using `token.transferFrom()` and does not check the returned value. Some tokens do not revert on failed transfer and instead return `false`. Other tokens do not return any value.

In this case, it could be that collateral is not transferred to an escrow and a loan is accepted with no collateral at stake.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `CollateralManager._deposit()` function uses unsafe `transferFrom` function and does not check return value:

```solidity
    function _deposit(uint256 _bidId, Collateral memory collateralInfo)
        internal
        virtual
    {
        ...
        // Pull collateral from borrower & deposit into escrow
        if (collateralInfo._collateralType == CollateralType.ERC20) {
            IERC20Upgradeable(collateralInfo._collateralAddress).transferFrom(
                borrower,
                address(this),
                collateralInfo._amount
            );
            ...
```

This problem is also present in `CollateralEscrowV1._withdrawCollateral()`:

```solidity
    function _withdrawCollateral(
        Collateral memory _collateral,
        address _collateralAddress,
        uint256 _amount,
        address _recipient
    ) internal {
        // Withdraw ERC20
        if (_collateral._collateralType == CollateralType.ERC20) {
            IERC20Upgradeable(_collateralAddress).transfer(
                _recipient,
                _collateral._amount
            );
        }
```

## Impact

If lender accepts collateral tokens which do not revert on failed transfer, loans will be accepted with no collateral at stake. The borrower will not repay their loan back resulting in a loss of funds for the lender.

If the `LenderCommitmentForwarder` automated loan opening system uses such a token, it will be drained of all its funds. This leads me to believe the severity is high.

Another vulnerability is that since `transfer()` is used only in `CollateralEscrowV1._withdrawCollateral()` and the interface used for the function expects a returned boolean, if no value is returned the call will forcefully fail. Other calls in the interaction chain (to deposit collateral) used a safe function or `transferFrom()` so it could be that all of them passed while `transfer()` will fail. This means the collateral cannot be withdrawn from the escrow and results in a loss of funds for the borrower / lender / liquidator.

If such an ERC20 token is used as collateral, the transfer of tokens from the escrow back to the withdrawer (borrower / lender / liquidator) may fail without causing the transaction to revert. This last point is largely unlikely.

## Code Snippet

LenderCommitmentForwarder automated loan opening feature:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L300-L400

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `SafeERC20` from OpenZeppelin the same way you do in `TellerV2` and `CollateralEscrowV1._depositCollateral()`:

```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20.sol";
contract CollateralManager {

    using SafeERC20 for ERC20;
    
    token.safeTransferFrom(...);
}
```
