MiloTruck

medium

# Lenders can steal collateral from liquidators if no-revert-on-failure tokens are used

## Summary

Some tokens do not revert on failure, but instead return `false` (e.g. [ZRX](https://etherscan.io/address/0xe41d2489571d322189246dafa5ebde1f4699f498#code)). 

If such tokens are used as collateral, a lender can front-run a liquidator's transaction to steal the defaulted loan's collateral while gaining the loan's repayment.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `CollateralEscrowV1.sol`, the `_withdrawCollateral()` function uses `.transfer()` to transfer ERC-20 tokens:

[CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L164-L170](https://github.com/teller-protocol/teller-protocol-v2/blob/cb66c9e348cdf1fd6d9b0416a49d663f5b6a693c/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L164-L170)
```solidity
        // Withdraw ERC20
        if (_collateral._collateralType == CollateralType.ERC20) {
            IERC20Upgradeable(_collateralAddress).transfer(
                _recipient,
                _collateral._amount
            );
        }
```

When `_collateralAddress` is a no-revert-on-failure token, `transfer()` will return `false` instead of reverting if the `CollateralEscrowV1` contract has insufficient collateral. Therefore, even if the contract has no collateral remaining, `_withdrawCollateral()` will not revert.

This creates a scenario where a liquidator can call `TellerV2.liquidateLoanFull()` to liquidate a defaulted loan **after** a lender has already claimed its collateral using `CollateralManager.withdraw()`. The liquidator would still repay the loan's borrowed amount to the lender, but receives no collateral in return.

## Impact

If a no-revert-on-failure token is used as collateral, it is possible for liquidators to liquidate a loan and receive no collateral in return. A malicious lender can also front-run a liquidator's call to `TellerV2.liquidateLoanFull()` to claim the loan's collateral first, stealing it from the liquidator.

## Proof of Concept

Consider the following scenario:
- Alice is a lender of a defaulted loan that uses a no-revert-on-transfer token as collateral.
- Bob calls `TellerV2.liquidateLoanFull()` to liquidate the loan.
- Alice sees Bob's transaction in the mempool and front-runs it, calling `CollateralManager.withdraw()`.
- Alice's transaction executes first, transferring the loan's collateral from the escrow contract to Alice.
- Afterwards, Bob's transaction executes:
  - Bob repays the loan's owed amount to Alice.
  - Although the escrow contract has no collateral left, the transfer in `_withdrawCollateral()` does not revert.
  - The transaction succeeds, but Bob doesn't get any collateral.
 
In the scenario above, Alice steals Bob's collateral by front-running his liquidation transaction.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/teller-protocol/teller-protocol-v2/blob/cb66c9e348cdf1fd6d9b0416a49d663f5b6a693c/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L164-L170

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In the `_withdrawCollateral()` function, consider performing the transfer with `safeTransfer()` instead:

[CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L164-L170](https://github.com/teller-protocol/teller-protocol-v2/blob/cb66c9e348cdf1fd6d9b0416a49d663f5b6a693c/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L164-L170)

```diff
        // Withdraw ERC20
        if (_collateral._collateralType == CollateralType.ERC20) {
-           IERC20Upgradeable(_collateralAddress).transfer(
+           SafeERC20Upgradeable.safeTransfer(
+               IERC20Upgradeable(_collateralAddress),
                _recipient,
                _amount
            );
        }
```

