cccz

medium

# When the lendingToken is USDC, the lender can join the USDC blacklist to prevent the borrower from repaying and thus liquidate the borrower's collateral

## Summary
When the lendingToken is USDC, the lender can join the USDC blacklist to prevent the borrower from repaying and thus withdraw the borrower's collateral.
## Vulnerability Detail
When the borrower repays the loan, _repayLoan will directly send the token to the lender. If the lendingToken is USDC, the lender can join the USDC blacklist to prevent the borrower from repaying the loan, and then withdraw the borrower's collateral.
```solidity
        address lender = getLoanLender(_bidId);

        // Send payment to the lender
        bid.loanDetails.lendingToken.safeTransferFrom(
            _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId),
            lender,
            paymentAmount
        );
```
Consider the following scenario.
Alice uses 10 WETH as collateral to request to borrow 12000 USDC.
Bob and charlie want to exploit this vulnerability, and charlie is blacklisted in USDC.
bob calls lenderAcceptBid to accept the bid and calls claimLoanNFT.
bob transfers the NFT to charlie.
Alice wants to repay the loan, but since charlie cannot receive USDC, the transaction fails.
After alice defaults, charlie can withdraw alice's collateral
## Impact
It makes the borrower unable to repay the loan and gets liquidated.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712-L751
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider that when the loan is repaid or liquidated, sending the lendingToken to the contract and letting the lender claim it later