cducrest-brainbot

medium

# Owner of TellerV2 can escalate privilege to affect loans statuses using reputationManager

## Summary

The owner of `TellerV2` can set the address for `reputationManager` via `setReputationManager()`. By controlling this address, they can selectively allow repayment of loans as they please. They can decide that some loan will not be able to be repaid and will forcefully default. They can prevent liquidation of certain loans.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `setReputationManager` can be called by the owner at any time. From this we can assume the contract `reputationManager` can do whatever the owner wants.

```solidity
    function setReputationManager(address _reputationManager) public onlyOwner {
        reputationManager = IReputationManager(_reputationManager);
    }
```

This function is called in [the internal function to repay loans](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L721):
```solidity
    function _repayLoan(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Payment memory _payment,
        uint256 _owedAmount,
        bool _shouldWithdrawCollateral
    ) internal virtual {
        Bid storage bid = bids[_bidId];
        uint256 paymentAmount = _payment.principal + _payment.interest;

        RepMark mark = reputationManager.updateAccountReputation(
            bid.borrower,
            _bidId
        );
```

The owner can decide, based on the `bidId` or the `tx.origin` value to revert or not inside `reputationManager.updateAccountReputation()`, selecting which loan can be repaid or who can repay them.

The `_repayLoan()` is called on every loan repay and [liquidation](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L690)

## Impact

The details for the contest state:

> The owner of the TellerV2 contract(s) is not able to directly withdraw collateral (assuming no contract upgrade) nor are they able to affect loan statuses or committed capital (assuming no contract upgrade).

Owner of TellerV2 can prevent repayment of loans until they are defaulted. They can prevent all liquidators to liquidate a loan apart from themselves to be able to buy out the user collateral.

The owner can analyze the market and notice advantageous loans that have a low debt value to collateral value ratio and prevent repayment of such loans to make them default. They can then buy out the collateral for these loans. (this will always occur as loan debt decrease over time, while collateral value remains constant)

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I cannot tell if it is necessary for the owner to be able to change the address of `reputationManager`. The reputation manager is out of scope for this audit, but I believe it not to be necessary.

If it is necessary, you can introduce a latency in the change: e.g. the owner can propose a new `reputationManager` address and can make the change effective only a week later, after the time it takes for borrower / lender to see it is not evil and respond if it is evil.