twicek

medium

# A market owner can race-condition attack a user by changing the trusted market forwarder

## Summary
A market owner can change the trusted market forwarder contract, which gives him the ability to front-run any call sent through this contract for meta-transaction purpose.

## Vulnerability Detail
The market owner can change the trusted market forwarder:
[TellerV2Context.sol#L70-L79](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L70-L79)
```solidity
    function setTrustedMarketForwarder(uint256 _marketId, address _forwarder)
        external
    {
        require(
            marketRegistry.getMarketOwner(_marketId) == _msgSender(),
            "Caller must be the market owner"
        );
        _trustedMarketForwarders[_marketId] = _forwarder;
        emit TrustedMarketForwarderSet(_marketId, _forwarder, _msgSender());
    }
```
When the trusted market forwarder call `TellerV2` to relay a transaction sent by a user, it will check if the trusted market forwarder is still the current one:
[TellerV2Context.sol#L109](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L109)
```solidity
        if (isTrustedMarketForwarder(_marketId, _msgSender())) {
```

Therefore, the market owner can front-run any transaction sent by the trusted market forwarder by a transaction that change it which effectively cancel the transactions.


Example:
- Bob approves the trusted market forwarder.
- Bob sign and send a transaction to cancel a bid via the gas relay that send it to the trusted market forwarder.
- Market owner see the transaction in the mempool and change the trusted market forwarder.
- Bob's transaction cannot get executed and he is forced to call the function himself on-chain or use the trusted forwarder.
- During this time, the market owner has potentially already back-run his transaction to change the trusted market forwarder, by another transaction to take the bid that the user want to cancel.

## Impact
By having the ability to cancel any transactions that is sent through the trusted market forwarder the market owner can grief users.

## Code Snippet
[setTrustedMarketForwarder](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L70-L79)
[_msgSenderForMarket](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L103-L123)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider only allowing market owners to choose the trusted market forwarder upon market creation and never after.
