yixxas

high

# Fee on transfer token deposited into escrow cannot be withdrawn

## Summary
This vulnerability happens because of 2 different issues in the contract. 

1. `depositAsset()` does not take into account fee on transfer token despite protocol wanting to support them. 
2. Wrong implementation in `_withdrawCollateral()`

## Vulnerability Detail
In `_withdrawCollateral()`, if collateral being withdrawn is ERC20, it uses the parameter `_collateral._amount` instead of `_amount`. This means that when withdrawing ERC20 tokens, we are forced to withdraw all collaterals deposited as parameter `_amount` is unused.

Next, the flaw in `depositAsset()` is that when a fee on transfer token is transferred into the contract, the value saved in `collateral._amount`  is `_amount` instead of the actual balance that is being transferred into the contract. In other words, `balanceOf(tokenId) < collateral._amount` if token has a fee on transfer.

By combining this 2 issues, the first bug forces owner to withdraw all collateral. But the 2nd bug prevents this withdrawal as amount reflected in `collateral._amount` is less than what the contract actually holds, hence will revert.

## Impact
Asset will not be withdrawable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L158-L170
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L51-L76

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding support for fee on transfer token by checking balanceBefore and subtracting from balanceAfter after the transfer to track the actual amount transferred after fees.

We should also fix `_withdrawCollateral()`

```diff
        if (_collateral._collateralType == CollateralType.ERC20) {
            IERC20Upgradeable(_collateralAddress).transfer(
                _recipient,
-                _collateral._amount
+               _amount
            );  
        }   
```
