cducrest-brainbot

medium

# Fee on transfer tokens not handled

## Summary

The contest details state:

> ERC20: any
ERC721: any 
ERC777: none
ERC1155: any 
FEE-ON-TRANSFER: any

However, contracts throughout the system do not take into account the potential fee paid for fee on transfer tokens. I.e. they do not use the balance of the receiving contract before/after transfer to compute the actual transferred value or do not provide for the potential fee.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `TellerV2` the transfer of the loan ERC20 token does not take into account a transfer fee:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L513-L540
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L747-L751

Same in `CollateralManager`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L316-L386

Same in `CollateralEscrowV1._depositCollateral` 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L111-L149

And `CollateralEscrowV1._withdrawCollateral` 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L158-L194

## Impact

If using fee on transfer tokens, recipient of the loan / protocol fee / market fee will receive less token than anticipated through `TellerV2`.

If using fee on transfer tokens for collateral, the `CollateralManager` will attempt to withdraw a set amount from the borrower and transfer that same amount to the escrow. If fees were taken, the whole amount will not be available to the `CollateralManager` and the transfer will fail.

If fees only occur on certain transfer or do not occur for multiple transfers in a transaction, it can be that the `CollateralManager` successfully transfer the collateral to the escrow and loan is open, but the borrower / lender / liquidator will not be able to withdraw its collateral from the escrow (via `CollateralManager`) when the loan is repaid / defaulted / liquidated due to the fee.

The result is an impossibility to use the protocol and a loss of funds under certain conditions for the borrower / lender / liquidator. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Explicitly state that you do not support fee on transfer tokens. Otherwise, check the balance of the receiving token before and after the transfer to compute the actual transferred value. This value needs to be stored for example in the escrow contract / collateral manager to be re-used during `_withdraw()` to send back the correct amount.

If you decide to support fee on transfer tokens, please note that an attack vector is also present in the repayment of a loan on `TellerV2` where the borrower repays amount small enough that the whole fee covers the transfer and the lender receives (almost) no token back.