J4de

medium

# `TellerV2.sol#claimLoanNFT` function should not be affected by the pause

## Summary

```solidity
File: TellerV2.sol
 560     function claimLoanNFT(uint256 _bidId)
 561         external
 562         acceptedLoan(_bidId, "claimLoanNFT")
 563         whenNotPaused
 564     {
 565         // Retrieve bid
 566         Bid storage bid = bids[_bidId];
 567
 568         address sender = _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId);
 569         require(sender == bid.lender, "only lender can claim NFT");
 570         // mint an NFT with the lender manager
 571         lenderManager.registerLoan(_bidId, sender);
 572         // set lender address to the lender manager so we know to check the owner of the NFT for the true lender
 573         bid.lender = address(lenderManager);
 574     }
```

After the loan is initiated, the lender can call `claimLoanNFT` function to convert the debt to NFT and sell it on the secondary market. The problem here is that the `claimLoanNFT` function should not be affected by the pause.

According to the design of the contract, the pause should just stop opening new loans and not affect the loans that have already started. Therefore, it should be possible to call `claimLoanNFT` function to convert the NFT at a pause when the loan has already been initiated.

Imagine the following two scenarios:

1. Most people lenders don't call the `claimLoanNFT` function after starting a loan (who wants to pay an extra gas fee?), when they need money urgently, they find that the Teller market has paused, and they can't sell their debt.
2. A very small number of lenders call the `claimLoanNFT` function after starting the loan, and these lenders are free to trade their debts without being affected by the pause.

If my understanding is correct, in the first scenario the lender's debt transaction is frozen. If it's the way it's designed to be, then the lender in the second scenario can bypass this design, which is also a medium problem.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact

Lender's debt transactions frozen.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/teller-protocol/teller-protocol-v2/blob/cb66c9e348cdf1fd6d9b0416a49d663f5b6a693c/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L560-L574

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended that the `claimLoanNFT` function is not affected by pause.