chaduke

medium

# _repayLoan() gives the wrong accounting for bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal when the borrower over-repays a loan.

## Summary
``_repayLoan()`` gives the wrong accounting for ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` when the borrower over-repays a loan. Although the function avoids over-repay by adjusting the value of ``paymentAmount`` to ``_owedAmount``, the accounting  of ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` still uses ``_payment.principal``, and is thus over-accounted. 

Impact: 1) Wrong accounting of ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` will impact the reputation of the contract; 2) the borrower might appeal and ask for a refund for the presumed over-repay, leading to loss of funds for the contract. 


## Vulnerability Detail
``_repayLoan()`` is an inner function called by ``repayLoan()`` to allow a borrower to replay a loan.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712-L762](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712-L762)

However, the amount provided by the borrower might over-repay, thus L727-728 makes adjustment to avoid this: 
```javascript
   if (paymentAmount >= _owedAmount) {
            paymentAmount = _owedAmount;
```

However, when it comes to account for ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal``, the before-adjusted value of  ``_payment.principal`` is used: 

```javascript
   bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal += _payment.principal;
```
As a result, the credit to ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` is larger than it should be, since the borrower will actually pay less than ``_payment.principal`` for the principal in this case. The actual principal paid should be ``paymentAmount-_payment.interest`` where ``paymentAmount`` has already been adjusted if necessary. 

## Impact

Impact: 1) Wrong accounting of ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` will impact the reputation of the contract; 2) the borrower might appeal and ask for a refund for presumed over-repay, leading to loss of funds for the contract. 


## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Correct the accounting of ``bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal`` as follows:
```javascript
   bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal += paymentAmount-_payment.interest;
```