foxb868

medium

# Public declaration of CollateralInfo.collateralAddresses field.

## Summary
The `CollateralInfo` struct in the contract `CollateralManager` contains a public declaration of the `collateralAddresses` field, which can be accessed and modified by anyone, this allow an attacker to modify the contents of the `collateralAddresses` field.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `CollateralInfo` struct, the `collateralAddresses` field is declared as public, this could allow an attacker to modify the contents of the `collateralAddresses` field.

Affected Lines: [CollateralManager.sol#L34-L37](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L34-L37)
```solidity
    struct CollateralInfo {
        EnumerableSetUpgradeable.AddressSet collateralAddresses;
        mapping(address => Collateral) collateralInfo;
    }
```
We can see the `collateralAddresses` field is declared as public, which means that it can be accessed and modified directly by any external contract or user. This could allow an attacker to modify the contents of the `collateralAddresses` field.

By making `collateralAddresses` field in the `CollateralInfo` struct is declared as public, any external contract or user can modify its contents directly without any restrictions. This can lead to unexpected behavior and security vulnerabilities in the smart contract.

If the `collateralAddresses` field needs to be accessed by external contracts or users, it is recommended to define `getter` functions or interfaces that allow controlled access to the field's contents, rather than declaring it as public.

## Impact
Someone could modify the `collateralAddresses` field, which may lead to unexpected behavior, such as incorrect collateral calculations or even loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L34-L37

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `collateralAddresses` field should be made `internal` or `private` to prevent outside access.