foxb868

medium

# Use of assembly code in _msgSenderForMarket function.

## Summary
`_msgSenderForMarket` function uses assembly code to retrieve the sender address from the `calldata`. Assembly code is complex and can be challenging to read, making it difficult to understand and maintain. The use of higher-level functions, such as `abi.decode`, could make the code more readable and easier to maintain.

## Vulnerability Detail
`_msgSenderForMarket` function uses assembly to retrieve the sender address from the `calldata`. While this is a valid method, it can be complex and hard to read. It may be worth considering using a higher-level function to perform this operation, such as `abi.decode`.

The vulnerable affected line of code is in the `_msgSenderForMarket` function:
Affected Line: [#L111-L113](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L111-L113)
```solidity
            assembly {
                sender := shr(96, calldataload(sub(calldatasize(), 20)))
            }
```
This assembly code is used to retrieve the sender address from the calldata. The value `calldatasize()` returns the size of the calldata, and `sub(calldatasize(), 20)` is used to get the offset of the last 20 bytes of the calldata, which is where the sender address is expected to be located. The instruction `calldataload(offset)` loads a 32-byte word from the given offset in the calldata. The instruction `shr(96, value)` shifts the given value right by 96 bits, which is equivalent to dividing by 2^96. This is used to extract the lower 20 bytes (160 bits) of the 32-byte word loaded from the calldata, which represents the sender address.

While this code is technically correct and can be used to extract the sender address from the `calldata`, it is complex and hard to read. Using a higher-level function like `abi.decode` could make the code easier to understand and maintain

The vulnerable code block is in the [_msgSenderForMarket function:](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L103-L123)
```solidity
    function _msgSenderForMarket(uint256 _marketId)
        internal
        view
        virtual
        returns (address)
    {
        if (isTrustedMarketForwarder(_marketId, _msgSender())) {
            address sender;
            assembly {
                sender := shr(96, calldataload(sub(calldatasize(), 20)))
            }
            // Ensure the appended sender address approved the forwarder
            require(
                _approvedForwarderSenders[_msgSender()].contains(sender),
                "Sender must approve market forwarder"
            );
            return sender;
        }


        return _msgSender();
    }
```

## Impact
See Vuln detail please.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L111-L113
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L103-L123

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using a higher-level function to perform this operation, such as `abi.decode`. Here's an updated version of the `_msgSenderForMarket` function that uses `abi.decode`