foxb868

high

# Unauthorized access to pause and unpause functions exposes protocol to vulnerabilities.

## Summary
The `pauseProtocol` and `unpauseProtocol` functions of the TellerV2.sol contract do not have any access control mechanism in place to prevent unauthorized access, this could allow unauthorized parties to pause or `unpause` the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `pauseProtocol()` and `unpauseProtocol()` functions allow the owner of the contract, who is assumed to be a trusted party, to pause and `unpause` the protocol. However, we can see there are no checks or restrictions in place to prevent unauthorized access to these functions.

So since there is no access control, the lack of it can allow unauthorized parties to call the `pauseProtocol()` and `unpauseProtocol()` functions could lead to the protocol being `paused` or `unpaused` without the consent of the owner, and this could cause the protocol to become vulnerable to attacks, as certain critical operations might not be carried out during the pause period.

Affected Line of the [pauseProtocol: #L660-L662](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L660-L662)
```solidity
    function pauseProtocol() public virtual onlyOwner whenNotPaused {
        _pause();
    }
```

Affected Line of the [unpauseProtocol: #L667-L669](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L667-L669)
```solidity
    function unpauseProtocol() public virtual onlyOwner whenPaused {
        _unpause();
    }
```

## Impact
This issue poses a significant security risk to the protocol, any attacker who gains access to it could do more damage that is unexpected.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L660-L662
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L667-L669

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Access control mechanisms should be added to the `pauseProtocol()` and `unpauseProtocol()` functions. This can be achieved by implementing a modifier that checks the sender's address against a list of authorized addresses before allowing the function to execute. 

Additional checks, such as multi-factor authentication, can also be implemented to further increase the security of the contract.