0xmuxyz

medium

# A borrower can liquidate him/her defaulted-loan by him/herself, which lead to a bad situation that the borrower can withdraw the collateral against him/her defaulted-loan.

## Summary
A defaulted-loan is supposed to be liquidated by a liquidator (lender) and its collateral is also supposed to be able to withdrawn by a liquidator (lender).

However, within the TellerV2#` liquidateLoanFull()`, there is no validation to check whether or not the caller would be a `Lender`. 
As a result, anyone can call the TellerV2#` liquidateLoanFull()` even of the caller would be a borrower him/herself.
This allow a borrower who has a defaulted-loan to be able to liquidate him/her defaulted-loan by him/herself. This lead to a bad situation that the borrower can withdraw the collateral that he/she deposited even if him/her loan was defaulted.


## Vulnerability Detail

The TellerV2#` liquidateLoanFull()` is a function for users to liquidate a defaulted loan like this:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L676-L704
```solidity
    /**
     * @notice Function for users to liquidate a defaulted loan.
     * @param _bidId The id of the loan to make the payment towards.
     */
    function liquidateLoanFull(uint256 _bidId)
        external
        acceptedLoan(_bidId, "liquidateLoan")
    {
        require(isLoanLiquidateable(_bidId), "Loan must be liquidateable.");

        Bid storage bid = bids[_bidId];

        (uint256 owedPrincipal, , uint256 interest) = V2Calculations
            .calculateAmountOwed(
                bid,
                block.timestamp,
                bidPaymentCycleType[_bidId]
            );
        _repayLoan(
            _bidId,
            Payment({ principal: owedPrincipal, interest: interest }),
            owedPrincipal + interest,
            false
        );

        bid.state = BidState.LIQUIDATED;

        // If loan is backed by collateral, withdraw and send to the liquidator
        address liquidator = _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId);
        collateralManager.liquidateCollateral(_bidId, liquidator);

        emit LoanLiquidated(_bidId, liquidator);
    }
```

According the [documentation about the _"Liquidate a defaulted loan "_](https://docs.teller.org/teller-v2/protocol/lenders/getting-loan-information#liquidate-a-defaulted-loan), the `liquidateLoanFull()` is supposed to be called by a **lender** whose lended-asset was defaulted by a borrower like this:
> _If a borrower has defaulted on a loan, lenders can liquidate the loan by simply calling the liquidateLoanFull() function, which then terminates the loan according to the respective market rules._

Based on above, a defaulted-loan is supposed to be liquidated by a liquidator (lender) and its collateral is also supposed to be able to withdrawn by a liquidator (lender).

However, within the TellerV2#` liquidateLoanFull()` above, there is no validation to check whether or not the caller would be a `Lender`. 
As a result, anyone can call the TellerV2#` liquidateLoanFull()` even of the caller would be a borrower him/herself.
This allow a borrower who has a defaulted-loan to be able to liquidate him/her defaulted-loan by him/herself. This lead to a bad situation that the borrower can withdraw the collateral that he/she deposited even if him/her loan was defaulted.


## Impact
A borrower can liquidate him/her defaulted-loan by him/herself, which lead to a bad situation that the borrower can withdraw the collateral against him/her defaulted-loan.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L676-L704

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a validation to check whether or not the caller (liquidator) would be a lender like this:
```solidity
    function liquidateLoanFull(uint256 _bidId)
        external
        acceptedLoan(_bidId, "liquidateLoan")
    {
+       require(msg.sender == bid.lender, "This caller (liquidator) must be a lender.");
        require(isLoanLiquidateable(_bidId), "Loan must be liquidateable.");
        ...
```