foxb868

high

# Unauthorized Access to TellerV2 to steal funds from the escrow.

## Summary
`_deployEscrow` function uses `tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId)` to retrieve the borrower's address, but it doesn't check whether the caller is authorized to access the tellerV2 contract, this way it could allow an unauthorized party to access `tellerV2` and retrieve the borrower's address, which could be used to withdraw funds from the escrow.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `_deployEscrow` function, the `borrower_` variable is set to the `tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId)` value, which is retrieved from the tellerV2 contract, but the function does not check if the caller is authorized to access the tellerV2 contract, which could result in unauthorized access and potentially lead to a loss of funds.

Vulnerable code flow: [CollateralManager.sol#L288-L308](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L288-L308)
```solidity
    function _deployEscrow(uint256 _bidId)
        internal
        virtual
        returns (address proxyAddress_, address borrower_)
    {
        proxyAddress_ = _escrows[_bidId];
        // Get bid info
        borrower_ = tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId);
        if (proxyAddress_ == address(0)) {
            require(borrower_ != address(0), "Bid does not exist");


            BeaconProxy proxy = new BeaconProxy(
                collateralEscrowBeacon,
                abi.encodeWithSelector(
                    ICollateralEscrowV1.initialize.selector,
                    _bidId
                )
            );
            proxyAddress_ = address(proxy);
        }
    }
```
We can see how the function retrieves `borrower_` using `tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId)` without checking if the caller is authorized to access the tellerV2 contract, and this could lead to unauthorized access and a loss of funds.

Suppose that an attacker wants to gain unauthorized access to the `tellerV2` contract and retrieve sensitive information about a loan bid, including the borrower's address. The attacker knows that the `_deployEscrow` function in the `CollateralManager` contract retrieves the borrower's address by calling the `getLoanBorrower` function on the `tellerV2` contract.

The attacker can then create a new contract that calls the `_deployEscrow` function and passes in a `fake` loan `bid ID` as a parameter. When the `_deployEscrow` function is called, it retrieves the borrower's address from the `tellerV2` contract without checking if the caller is authorized to access it.

As a result, the attacker is able to retrieve sensitive information about a loan `bid`, including the borrower's address. This information can then be used by the attacker to perform malicious actions on the loan `bid`, resulting in a loss of funds.

## Impact
See vulnerability detail please.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L288-L308

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control in the `_deployEscrow` function to ensure that only authorized parties can call it and access the `tellerV2` contract. This can be achieved by adding a modifier to the function that checks the caller's authorization status, 
for example:
```solidity
modifier onlyAuthorized {
    require(msg.sender == authorizedAddress, "Unauthorized access");
    _;
}
```
In this, th `authorizedAddress` is a state variable that contains the address of an authorized party that can access the tellerV2 contract.

Then, you should modify the `_deployEscrow` function to include the `onlyAuthorized` modifier:
```solidity
function _deployEscrow(uint256 _bidId)
    internal
    virtual
    onlyAuthorized
    returns (address proxyAddress_, address borrower_)
{
    ...
}
```
With these modifications, i belive only authorized parties will be able to call the `_deployEscrow` function and access the `tellerV2` contract, thereby reducing the risk of unauthorized access and loss of funds.