hake

medium

# Market without participant attestation could suffer sybil attack

## Summary
A market that doesnt require borrower or lender attestation can suffer sybil attacks from fake commitments and submissions from borrowers or lenders.

## Vulnerability Detail
`createCommitment()` and `submitBid()` do not transfer the assets in question to the protocol, which could lead to attackers flooding the market with ghost proposals without any backing.
An honost participant would not be able to identify what proposals (commitment or submission) are actually going to be fulfilled as most of them could revert when the protocol tries to execute asset transfers.

More specifically
`createCommitment()` does not check lenders balance.
`submitId()` checks borrowers balance at time of submission, but borrower could transfer asset to another address or alternatively take a flashloan to fake ownership.

Attacker can create a bunch of submissions and commitments with the intent of not fulfilling any of them and littering the protocol. 

Invalid for markets that require borrower or lender attestation assuming addresses selected have been vetted.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L478-L503

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L182-L206

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Transfer assets to protocol when commitment or submission is created.