cccz

medium

# When the lendingToken is an ERC777 token, the lender can prevent the borrower from repaying the loan, thereby liquidating the borrower's collateral

## Summary
When the lendingToken is an ERC777 token, the lender can prevent the borrower from repaying the loan, thereby withdrawing the borrower's collateral.
## Vulnerability Detail
When the borrower repays the loan, _repayLoan will directly send the token to the lender. If the lendingToken is an ERC777 token, the lender can revert in the callback to prevent the borrower from repaying the loan, and then withdraw the borrower's collateral.
```solidity
        address lender = getLoanLender(_bidId);

        // Send payment to the lender
        bid.loanDetails.lendingToken.safeTransferFrom(
            _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId),
            lender,
            paymentAmount
        );
```
Consider the following scenario.
Alice uses 10 WETH as collateral to request to borrow ERC777 tokens.
bob calls lenderAcceptBid to accept the bid, and sets the callback to reject ERC777 tokens.
alice wants to repay the loan, but when sending the ERC777 token to bob, the callback set by bob is triggered, making the transaction fail.
After alice defaults, bob can withdraw alice's collateral
## Impact
It makes the borrower unable to repay the loan and gets liquidated.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712-L751
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider that when the loan is repaid or liquidated, sending the lendingToken to the contract and letting the lender claim it later