cducrest-brainbot

medium

# CollateralManager does not handle rebasing tokens

## Summary

CollateralManager locks collateral in an escrow for a loan until the loan is paid out or defaulted. At that later point in time, the amount of tokens owned by the escrow will be lower or higher than when the amount was first locked.

The withdrawal of collateral from the escrow will leave tokens locked or will be impossible.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `CollateralManager` locks the full amount committed to by the borrower into the escrow:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L316-L341

It later attempts to withdraw the same amount from the escrow:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L393-L419

No adjustment is made regarding the balance of the escrow in said token during withdraw:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L165-L170

## Impact

The withdrawal of collateral from the escrow will leave tokens locked when it owns more token that during deposit, or will be impossible when it owns less token than during deposit.

It is not clear to me by reading the discord channel for the audit and the contest detail whether this is considered a valid issue:

>  If a rebasing/weird token breaks just the loan that it is in, we want to know about it but that is bad but largely OK (not hyper critical) since the borrower and lender both agreed to that asset manually beforehand and, really, shouldnt have.

> We have come to the conclusion that if a rebasing token is used it would cause issues as we do not account for the change in supply/value. Therefore, we noted that it is not supported, however, there is currently nothing preventing a rebasing token from being used. We do encourage finding additional information on the topic tho

The only way they'd know about it, is if we report this as a medium since we can't report lows.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow the withdrawer from the escrow to specify the withdrawal amount. This seems like a reasonable feature anyway.
