ak1

high

# TellerV2.sol : `_repayLoan` is not checking valid `paymentAmount > 0` amount. This would lead to updating the last repaid time though nothing is paid.

## Summary

Either borrower or anyone can repay the loan.
The last function in the repay call will be [_repayLoan](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712). 
The payment amount is sum of principle and interest. It is assumed that the payment value would be greater than zero.

But if its value is zero,  it would be possible , to trigger the repayment quite often such that there would be no interest and priciple would be returned from the function 

    (uint256 owedPrincipal, , uint256 interest) = V2Calculations
            .calculateAmountOwed(
                bids[_bidId],
                block.timestamp,
                bidPaymentCycleType[_bidId]
            );

## Vulnerability Detail

Loan can be repaid by using any one of the following functions,

[repayLoanMinimum](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L580)
[repayLoanFull](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L605)
[repayLoan](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L629)

All these function will call the [calculateAmountOwed](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L609-L614) and get the principle and interest value.
and then the `_repayLoan` function is called.
`_repayLoan` function has the logic either for partial or full payment. At the end of the function total paid amount and interest and last repaid time stamp value are updated.

The function `_repayLoan` is not cheking whether the payment amount is greater than zero or not.

If zero, it would still update the last repaid time stamp value.

        bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal += _payment.principal;
        bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.interest += _payment.interest;
        bid.loanDetails.lastRepaidTimestamp = uint32(block.timestamp);


## Impact

Malicious user could continuously call the repay function,  without paying any amount, they can update the last paid time stamp. So the loan would be healthier always.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L712-L762

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

    function _repayLoan(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Payment memory _payment,
        uint256 _owedAmount,
        bool _shouldWithdrawCollateral
    ) internal virtual {
        Bid storage bid = bids[_bidId];
        uint256 paymentAmount = _payment.principal + _payment.interest;

        require(paymentAmount,"invald amount"); ----------------------------------audit - add this line
        RepMark mark = reputationManager.updateAccountReputation(
