warRoom

medium

# Bid loanDetails incorrectly updated in a scenario where Bid is being repaid full.

## Summary
In `TellerV2._repayLoan` function `payAmount` is overridden by `owedAmount`  which is calculated by `V2Calculations.calculateAmountOwed` in a scenario where loan is repaid full. But bid details are not correctly updated. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Where- `TellerV2.sol._repayLoan()`

When a user is being repaid fully, [`payAmount` is overriden by `_owedAmount`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L726-L737). This `owedAmount` is calculated differently using `V2Calculations.calculateAmountOwed`.

But `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal` and `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.interest` are updated using `_payment.principal` and `_payment.interest` which is incorrect. 


## Code Snippet
1. `payAmount` set with `_payment` struct. 
```solidity
        uint256 paymentAmount = _payment.principal + _payment.interest;
```
2. `payAmount` overridden here.
```solidity
        if (paymentAmount >= _owedAmount) {
            paymentAmount = _owedAmount;
            bid.state = BidState.PAID;

            // Remove borrower's active bid
            _borrowerBidsActive[bid.borrower].remove(_bidId);
}
```
3. `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal` and `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.interest` updated to **old values**. 
```solidity
        bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal += _payment.principal;
        bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.interest += _payment.interest;
        bid.loanDetails.lastRepaidTimestamp = uint32(block.timestamp);
```

## Impact
1. Incorrect update of bid details. 
2. Incorrect off-chain data analysis. 
3. Data returned by certain view function could lead to incorrect decision by marketOwner.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Update `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.principal` and `bid.loanDetails.totalRepaid.interest` to exact values by taking two different function arguements `_owedPrincipal` and `_owedInterest` instead of `_owedAmount` - [Check here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L652)