chaduke

medium

# There is a race condition between updateCommitment() and acceptCommitment().

## Summary
There is a race condition between ``updateCommitment()`` and ``acceptCommitment()``. Such race condition might lead to unintended consumption of ``commitment.maxPrincipal``. For example, when a lender changes  ``commitment.maxPrincipal`` from 10e18 to 8e18,  a borrower might borrow up to 18e18, which exceeds both limits. 

## Vulnerability Detail
There is a race condition between ``updateCommitment()` and ``acceptCommitment()``.  This race condition is very similar to the race condition for ERC20 approve() function which might end up an operator uses more than the intended allowance. 

This is how a borrower might borrow more than the intended ``commitment.maxPrincipal``.

1. Lender Bob calls ``createCommitment()`` to create a commitment ``commitments[100]`` such that  ``commitments[100].maxPrincipal = 10e18``, that is, borrowers can borrow at most 10e18 principalTokens. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L177-L201](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L177-L201)

2. Lender Bob changes his mind and likes to call ``updateCommitment()`` to change ``commitments[100].maxPrincipal`` to 8e18 instead. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L208-L233](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L208-L233)

3. Borrower Alice front-runs Bob's call of ``updateCommitment()`` with the call of ``acceptCommitment()`` and borrow to the maximum of 10e18. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L300-L400](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder.sol#L300-L400)

4. Bob's call ``updateCommitment()`` gets executed and ``commitments[100].maxPrincipal``  is changed to  8e18. 

5. Borrower Alice calls  ``acceptCommitment()`` again and borrows another 8e18. 

6. Alice borrows a total of 18e18 principal tokens, greater than 10e18, the first ``commitments[100].maxPrincipal``, and also greater than 8e18, the second ``commitments[100].maxPrincipal``. 


## Impact
The race condition between ``updateCommitment()`` and ``acceptCommitment()`` might lead to borrowers to borrow more than the intend ``maxPrincipal`` set by the lender. 

## Code Snippet
See above

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce two functions ``increaseMaxPrincipal()`` and ``decreaseMaxPrincipal()`` to avoid such race condition.