slvDev

medium

# Lack of Storage Gaps in Upgradeable TellerV2 and TellerV2Context Contracts

## Summary

The current implementation of the TellerV2 contract inherits from several contracts, including TellerV2Context and TellerV2Storage. While TellerV2 is upgradeable and contains state variables, TellerV2Context is stateless (for now) and upgradeable, and TellerV2Storage is not upgradeable. The absence of Storage Gaps in upgradeable contracts with state variables poses a risk when upgrading, as it may lead to storage collisions and unintended consequences.

## Vulnerability Detail

When creating upgradable contracts that inherit from other contracts, it is important to include Storage Gaps to accommodate new storage variables that may be added to inherited contracts in future upgrades.
TellerV2 is upgradeable, **contains state variables, and lacks Storage Gaps.**
```solidity
    /** Constant Variables **/

    uint8 public constant CURRENT_CODE_VERSION = 9;

    uint32 public constant LIQUIDATION_DELAY = 86400; //ONE DAY IN SECONDS
```
TellerV2 inherits from TellerV2Context, which is upgradeable, and currently stateless, but may be upgraded to include state variables in the future, and lacks Storage Gaps.
This situation can pose a significant risk when updating a contract because it can shift the storage slots of all inherited contracts.

## Impact

Without Storage Gaps, variables in child contracts might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could lead to unintended and very serious consequences for the child's contracts.

For upgradeable contracts, there must be a Storage Gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments." Otherwise, it may be challenging to write new implementation code. Without Storage Gaps, variables in child contracts might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences for the child contracts.

Refer to the bottom part of this article: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L44-L51
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L152-L156
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2Context.sol#L11-L14

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add Storage Gaps to the end of upgradeable contracts with state variables, such as TellerV2 and TellerV2Context.
For example:
```solidity
uint256[50] private __storageGap;
```
