chaduke

medium

# withdraw() has no access control, so a malicous user can use it to front-run repayLoanFull(), repay(), and liquidateLoanFull().

## Summary
``withdraw()`` has no access control, so a malicious user can use it to front-run ``repayLoanFull()``, ``repay()``, and ``liquidateLoanFull()``.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a loan becomes defaulted, the lender might prefer to wait for the borrower to repay. However, when the borrower calls  ``repayLoanFull()`` or ``repay()`` to repay the loan, a malicious user can front-run it with ``withdraw()``. The collaterals will go to the lender, but neither the borrower nor the lender is happy with the result.

When a loan becomes liquidable, and a liquidator calls  ``liquidateLoanFull()``, but a malicious user might front-run it with ``withdraw()``, the collaterals will go to the lender, but neither the liquidator nor the lender is happy with the result.

The ``withdraw()`` function will claim the collaterals to the borrower or the lender depending on the state of the loan/bid. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L250-L260](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L250-L260)

It is supposed to be called ONLY by TellerV2, but currently it has no access control, so anybody can call it. 

Suppose Bob has a loan, and he missed a couple of monthly payments, so his loan becomes defaulted, but the lender Alice is kind enough to allow Bob to make a late payment.

When Bob calls ``repayLoanFull()`` or ``repay()``  to repay all the rest of due amount, a malicious user Frank fronts run it with calling ``withdraw()``. Since the loan is defaulted, the collaterals will go to Alice. As a result,  Bob lost the opportunity to make the late payment, while Alice's preference of receiving the repayment is disappointed although she received the collaterals. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L629-L655](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L629-L655)

In another scenario, suppose Bob's loan becomes liquidable, and the lender Alice still prefer to receive the repayment rather than receiving the collateral. A liquidator John calls ``liquidateLoanFull()`` to liquidate the loan. However, a malicious user Frank fronts run it with calling ``withdraw()``. Since the loan is defaulted (liquidable must be defaulted as well), the collaterals will go to Alice. As a result,  John lost the opportunity to liquidate the loan, while Alice's preference of receiving the repayment is disappointed although she received the collaterals. 

## Impact
A malicious user can front-run ``repayLoanFull()``, ``repay()``, and ``liquidateLoanFull()`` with ``withdraw()`` and make late repayments and liquidation impossible.

## Code Snippet
See above

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add modifier `` onlyTellerV2`` to the function. 