innertia

medium

# Disable the liquidation function.

## Summary
The liquidation function can be called 24 hours after default. However, a defaulted loan can be terminated by anyone by calling the `withdraw` function.
This makes it possible to `widhtraw` all defaulted loans and not carry over the loan until the liquidation period is available.
In other words, anyone can effectively disable the liquidation function.
## Vulnerability Detail
CollateralManager's `withdraw(uint256 _bidId)` has no access control and can be called by anyone once the loan defaults. It sends collateral to the lender.
TellerV2's `liquidateLoanFull(uint256 _bidId)` is the core function of the liquidation and can be invoked 24 hours after default. However, it cannot be activated in the absence of collateral, of course.
An attacker can monitor loan defaults with `tellerV2.isLoanDefaulted(_bidId)` and effectively disable the liquidation function by calling `withdraw(uint256 _bidId)` on any loan.
This is done by an attacker who wants to discredit the protocol, and the cheaper the chain is for gas, the more feasible it is.
## Impact
Disable the liquidation function implemented by the protocol
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L250
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L676
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Impose access control on withdraw
