duc

medium

# When the loan can be liquidated, anyone can withdraw on behalf of the lender, even if it is not authorized by the lender.

## Summary
When the loan is liquidatable, it can be liquidated by the lender or anyone who has paid for the lending amount. However, after the loan becomes liquidatable, anyone can initiate a withdrawal on behalf of the lender to liquidate the loan, even if it was not intended by the lender.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the `CollateralMananger` contract:
```solidity=
function withdraw(uint256 _bidId) external {
    BidState bidState = tellerV2.getBidState(_bidId);
    if (bidState == BidState.PAID) {
        _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId));
    } else if (tellerV2.isLoanDefaulted(_bidId)) {
        _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanLender(_bidId));
        emit CollateralClaimed(_bidId);
    } else {
        revert("collateral cannot be withdrawn");
    }
}
```
When `tellerV2.isLoanDefaulted(_bidId)` is true, this loan will be liquidated for its lender. However, if the lender wants to wait for the liquidation from someone else to take back the lending token, another can still call this function on behalf of the lender. It can lead to the lender losing their profits.

**Scenario**:
    1. Alice accepted a bid of 1000 USDC as a lending asset for 1 ETH collateral, while the ETH price was at $1200 at that time.
    2. The interest on the loan has increased to $50, and the entire loan is now liquidatable.
    3. If the price of ETH drops to $1100, Alice has the option to wait for someone else to liquidate her loan, allowing her to receive $1050 directly. This is because the fees required to swap 1 ETH to 1100 USDC may exceed $50 on the mainnet.
    4. Bob calls `withdraw` function in contract `CollateralManager` and the loan will be liquidated for Alice. Alice will receive 1 ETH instead of the expected 1050 USDC.
    
## Impact
It can lead to the lender losing their profits.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L250-L260

## Tool used
Manual review

## Recommendation
The sender of the withdraw function should be restricted in case the loan is liquidatable