sinarette

high

# A loan can be liquidated by the lender, while it's still in the open state

## Summary
In TellerV2, there are two kinds of liquidations. One is done by a liquidator, who pays the remaining debt and takes the remaining collateral. The other is done by the lender itself, by just taking the collateral. The former one is done by calling `liquidateLoanFull` in TellerV2, marking the loan as liquidated. However, the latter one is done by calling `withdraw` on CollateralManager, which does not record anything on the state of TellerV2. As a result, by this method, the collateral is already taken by the lender(liquidated), but the loan is still marked as open.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
/* CollateralManager.sol */
    function withdraw(uint256 _bidId) external {
        BidState bidState = tellerV2.getBidState(_bidId);
        if (bidState == BidState.PAID) {
            _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId));
        } else if (tellerV2.isLoanDefaulted(_bidId)) { //@audit state not changed in TellerV2
            _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanLender(_bidId));
            emit CollateralClaimed(_bidId);
        } else {
            revert("collateral cannot be withdrawn");
        }
    }
```
This `withdraw` function is callable by anyone, including the lender. If the loan is defaulted, the collateral is withdrawn to the lender. The `_withdraw` internal function withdraws the collateral from the escrow to the lender, but has no external call to TellerV2, so the loan state is not changed in TellerV2.

## Impact
The loan state is set as `ACCEPTED` since the loan is accepted by the lender, also in this case where the lender took the collateral from a defaulted loan.
```solidity
    function repayLoan(uint256 _bidId, uint256 _amount)
        external
        acceptedLoan(_bidId, "repayLoan")

    function liquidateLoanFull(uint256 _bidId)
        external
        acceptedLoan(_bidId, "liquidateLoan")
```
It means things like repaying debt, or liquidating can be done on the already-liquidated loan. The borrower might repay the loan, since he might not realize the loan is actually liquidated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L250-L260

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Set `withdraw` as `onlyTellerV2` and add a function for a lender to liquidate a defaulted loan.