immeas

medium

# defaulting doesn't change the state of the loan

## Summary
The lender can claim the borrowers collateral in case they have defaulted on their payments. This however does not change the state of the loan so the borrower can continue making payments to the lender even though the loan is defaulted.

## Vulnerability Detail
If a loan defaults the lender (or anyone) can seize the collateral and send it to the lender:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L254-L257
```solidity
File: CollateralManager.sol

254:        } else if (tellerV2.isLoanDefaulted(_bidId)) {
255:            _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanLender(_bidId)); // sends collateral to lender
256:            emit CollateralClaimed(_bidId);
257:        } else {
```

Since this is in `CollateralManager` nothing is updating the state kept in `TellerV2` which will still be `ACCEPTED`. The lender could still make payments (in vain).

## Impact
The borrower can continue paying unknowing that the loan is defaulted. The lender could, given a defaulted loan, see that the lender is trying to save their loan and front run the late payment with a seize of collateral. Then get both the late payment and the collateral. This is quite an unlikely scenario though.

The loan will also be left active since even if the borrower pays the `withdraw` of collateral will fail since the collateral is no longer there.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L254-L257

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the possibility for the lender to default the loan in `CollateralManager`. Move defaulting to `TellerV2` so it can properly close the loan.