BAHOZ

high

# Borrower can omit paying collateral and steal principle

## Summary

`CollateralManager.commitCollateral()` can be called at anytime by the borrower to change the collateral info which may be exploited to steal principle without paying any collateral

## Vulnerability Detail

Assume: 1 wETH = 100 DAI

The borrower can submitBid() and initially set the collateral info for the loan to a reasonable value. Lets assume borrower creates a bid for 100k DAI with 1000 wETH collateral. 
A lender may think this is a good offer and accept bid by calling `lenderAcceptBid()`.
Since the `CollateralManager.commitCollateral()` is a public function that can be called at anytime, the borrower can frontrun acceptBid tx with a new _collateralInfo with amount=1 wei. This will overwrite the previous colleterallInfo.
Since the lenderAcceptBid will be called with this new collateralInfo, only 1 wei will be send to the escrow as collateral.

The borrower is free to get away with all the principle(100k DAI in this case).



Note: This issue also makes the issue around non-transferable collateral assets more serious. A borrower can also commit a new non-transferable collateral asset by frontrunning lenderAcceptBid(). Making their collateral non-liquidatable. 

## Impact
Funds can be stolen, high impact

## Code Snippet

### PoC:
update test_collateralEscrow by adding these lines just after `submitCollateralBid()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/tests/TellerV2/TellerV2_Test.sol#L166

```solidity
Collateral memory info;
info._amount = 1;
info._tokenId = 0;
info._collateralType = CollateralType.ERC20;
info._collateralAddress = address(wethMock);

CollateralManager.commitCollateral(bidId, info);
```
the check here will revert, because escrow has only 1 wei in it:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/tests/TellerV2/TellerV2_Test.sol#L180


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
`commitCollateral()` functions should revert if the caller is not TellerV2 contract.