oxcm

medium

# Precision Loss in Interest Calculation Due to Frequent Repayments

## Summary

A precision loss issue in the interest calculation when borrowers make frequent repayments (daily, hourly, or even every minute) which can result in the underpayment of interest.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability is present in the `calculateAmountOwed()` function where the interest calculation occurs:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/libraries/V2Calculations.sol#L89-L91

```solidity=89
uint256 interestOwedInAYear = owedPrincipal_.percent(_bid.terms.APR);
        uint256 owedTime = _timestamp - uint256(_lastRepaidTimestamp);
        interest_ = (interestOwedInAYear * owedTime) / daysInYear;
```

When borrowers make very frequent repayments, the owedTime becomes very small, and the division by daysInYear may cause significant precision loss. This precision loss can lead to the borrower underpaying the interest owed.

### POC

Given:

- EUR Stablecoin decimal = 2
- Borrower owes 10,000 EUR Stablecoin at 10% APR

1. Borrower bid with the following parameters:
* principal = 10,000 * 10**2 (1,000,000 wei)
* APR = 10%
* duration = 1 year

2. Lender Accept Bid, The contract calculates the total annual interest owed as 100,000 wei (worth 1,000 EUR).

3. Borrower makes frequent repayments:
a. Daily repayments:
- Borrower calls repay() every 24 hours (86400 seconds).
- After 1 year (365 daily repayments), the borrower underpays 405 wei (worth 4.05 EUR) in interest.

b. Hourly repayments:
- Borrower calls repay() every hour (3600 seconds).
- After 1 year (8760 hourly repayments), the borrower underpays 3,640 wei (worth 36.4 EUR) in interest.

c. Every minute repayments:
- Borrower calls repay() every minute (60 seconds).
- After 1 year (525,600 repayments), the borrower underpays 100,000 wei (worth 1,000 EUR) in interest, effectively paying no interest.

The precision loss in interest calculation becomes more significant as the repayment frequency increases.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that borrowers can underpay the interest they owe by making frequent repayments. This may have financial implications for the lenders as they receive less interest than they are supposed to.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/libraries/V2Calculations.sol#L89-L91

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider implementing a minimum repayment interval to prevent borrowers from making repayments too frequently, which may help reduce the potential impact of the precision loss issue.
