whoismatthewmc1

high

# Borrower can front-run lenderAcceptBid to modify collateral amounts or IDs

## Summary
A borrower may submit a `PENDING` bid with collateral.
They can then monitor the mempool for this bid's acceptance.
The lender will be accepting the bid's terms and associated collateral in exchange for tokens.
The borrower may front-run (perhaps by sending a transaction with higher gas) this accept transaction to modify the collateral associated with their bid.

## Vulnerability Detail
A direct call to `CollateralManager.commitCollateral` can be used to modify collateral associated with a bid.
```solidity
    function commitCollateral(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Collateral[] calldata _collateralInfo
    ) public returns (bool validation_) {
```

Further, in the underlying call to `_commitCollateral`, it is possible to overwrite previous values of committed collateral:
```solidity
    function _commitCollateral(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Collateral memory _collateralInfo
    ) internal virtual {
        CollateralInfo storage collateral = _bidCollaterals[_bidId];
        collateral.collateralAddresses.add(_collateralInfo._collateralAddress);
        collateral.collateralInfo[
            _collateralInfo._collateralAddress
        ] = _collateralInfo;
```

Often, a lender will be basing their decision to accept a loan on the collateral associated with the loan.
For example, it would be unwise to lend 1 WETH where the borrower's collateral is 1 USDC.

Imagine the following scenario:
- Borrower calls `submitBid` with 10000 USDC as committed collateral, requesting a principal amount of 1 WETH.
- Lender sees this and agrees to the terms and calls `TellerV2.lenderAcceptBid`
- Borrower notices this transaction in the mempool and immediately calls `CollateralManager.commitCollateral` with high gas to overwrite their 10000 USDC committed collateral with 1 USDC.
- In the next block, the borrower's tx goes through first and the lender's tx afterward

When accepting a bid, the lender does not send in any expected loan attributes, so there is no verification done to ensure they are protected from this attack.

Due to the way Collateral is stored and design decisions around the `commitCollateral` functions in CollateralManager.sol, a malicious borrower may front-run a bid's acceptance and modify their collateral leading to effectively stolen funds from the lender.

## Impact
Lender believes they are accepting a loan with reasonable collateral, yet due to the front-run they may be accepting a loan offer that never gets repaid leaving them with near-0 collateral value.

## Code Snippet
`CollateralManager.commitCollateral` external entry point:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L117-L147

Collateral overwriting
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L426-L434

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider removing the ability for a borrower to modify their bid's collateral by adding the `onlyTellerV2` modifier to `CollateralManager.commitCollateral` functions. In this case, in order to change the collateral associated with a bid, they would have to cancel the existing bid and resubmit with the updated collateral.