shaka

high

# Committed collateral can be updated by any user at any time

## Summary

Committed collateral can be updated by any user at any time.

## Vulnerability Detail

Both versions of `commitCollateral` function (receiving one or multiple `Collateral` structs) in `CollateralManager.sol` are public and do not check for `msg.sender` or bid status.

```solidity
138:     function commitCollateral(
139:         uint256 _bidId,
140:         Collateral calldata _collateralInfo
141:     ) public returns (bool validation_) {
142:         address borrower = tellerV2.getLoanBorrower(_bidId);
143:         validation_ = _checkBalance(borrower, _collateralInfo);
144:         if (validation_) {
145:             _commitCollateral(_bidId, _collateralInfo);
146:         }
147:     }
```

To pass the validations and be stored in the `_bidCollaterals` mapping the only requirement is that the borrower has a balance equal or higher than the amount specified.

## Impact

The issue can lead to many potential unwanted effects. Here there are some possible scenarios:

**Attack 1**

- Borrower submits a bid committing 10 WETH.
- Lender accepts the proposed loan bid by calling `lenderAcceptBid`.
- Borrower front-runs lender transaction calling `commitCollateral` and committing 0 WETH.
- `_bidCollaterals[bidId][weth]._amount` is updated to 0 and the borrower receives a loan with no collateral.

**Attack 2**

- Borrower submits a bid committing 10 WETH.
- Malicious user calls `commitCollateral` and commits 11 WETH for the bid.
- Lender accepts the proposed loan bid by calling `lenderAcceptBid`.
- If the borrower approved `CollateralManager` for at least 11 WETH, he will commit more collateral than he intended to. Otherwise, `lenderAcceptBid` will fail.

**Attack 3**

- Borrower submits a bid committing 10 WETH.
- Lender accepts the proposed loan bid by calling `lenderAcceptBid`.
- Malicious user calls `commitCollateral` and commits 100 USDC for the bid (assuming he previously checked that borrower has enough balance).
- At loan resolution, calling `liquidateCollateral` or `withdraw` will fail, as `_withdraw` function tries to withdraw 100 USDC from escrow.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L111-L147


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add `onlyTellerV2` modifier to `commitCollateral` so that only `TellerV2` can call these functions.

Another option to preserve the ability to update the committed collateral would imply:
- Check that `msg.sender` is `TellerV2` or borrower.
- Check that bid is in state `PENDING`.
- Add a `Collateral[]` parameter to `lenderAcceptBid` and check that matches the committed collateral in order to avoid front running.