innertia

high

# Collaterals can be stacked in the contract, so if the loan defaults, the lender loses everything.

## Summary
When withdrawing collateral, the registered items are withdrawn in order. However, this list can register any collateral at any time.
In other words, after the loan is approved, the borrower or a malicious third party can stack the collateral into the contract forever by registering fraudulent collateral that, for example, refuses to transfer.
This leaves the lender with no guarantee and loses everything.
## Vulnerability Detail
When collateral is withdrawn, CollateralManager's` _withdraw(uint256 _bidId, address _receiver)` is called internally.
This loops through the addresses registered in `_bidCollaterals[_bidId]` and withdraws the collateral.
However, collateral can be added by anyone at any time via `commitCollateral(uint256 _bidId, Collateral[] calldata _collateralInfo)`. (The balance must be at the borrower's address)
If an incorrect collateral is registered in the array after the loan has been approved (e.g., one that refuses to transfer), the loop will fail and all collateral will be permanently unavailable for withdrawal.
Thus, the lender will not be able to obtain any guarantees.
In a low-gas-cost chain, it is possible to register a huge number of collateral so that the block gas limit is exceeded and the function cannot be called, but it is easier to register invalid collateral
## Impact
Collateral gets stuck in the contract and the lender gets no compensation.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L394-L409
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L117
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Impose collateral access controls. Additionally, limit the amount of time collateral can be added.