dipp

high

# Users can add malicious collaterals after bid is accepted

## Summary

The ```commitCollateral``` function in ```CollateralManager.sol``` allows a user to commit collateral tokens for any bid as long as the borrower of the bid has owns those tokens. If collateral is commited after accepting a loan, the collateral tokens for that bid ma not be withdrawable.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a bid is accepted through ```TellerV2.sol```, the collateral tokens are committed and deposited into the bid's escrow contract. Collateral tokens can only be deposited to a bid's escrow thorugh the ```lenderAcceptBid``` function in ```TellerV2.sol```.

A user could call ```commitCollateral``` for any bid as long as the collateral tokens are owned by the borrower, the tokens do not need to be sent when committing. When either the lender or the borrower of the bid attempt to withdraw the collateral using ```withdraw``` in ```TellerV2.sol```, the ```_withdraw``` function will loop over all collateral's committed to the bid and attempt to withdraw those tokens from the bid's escrow. If the collateral tokens were not deposited during ```lenderAcceptBid```, then the escrow's ```withdraw``` function will revert.

## Impact

A malicious user could add any collateral token to a bid to prevent any collateral from being withdrawn for that bid.

## Code Snippet

[CollateralManager.sol:commitCollateral#L117-L130](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L117-L130)

[CollateralManager.sol:_withdraw#L393-L419](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/CollateralManager.sol#L393-L419)

[CollateralEscrowV1.sol:withdraw#L84-L103](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-teller/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2/packages/contracts/contracts/escrow/CollateralEscrowV1.sol#L84-L103)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider not allowing users to add collateral more than once for a bid. Additionally, allowing users to withdraw only 1 collateral at a time or a list of collaterals could help prevent a problem with withdrawing collateral if one of the collaterals are giving issues.
